receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.  If the second copy
         ‘Fury said to a
go down the chimney!’
She ate a little bit, and said anxiously to herself, ‘Which way? Which
First it marked out a race-course, in a sort of circle, [‘the exact
   And yet you incessantly stand on your head--
good reason, and as the Caterpillar seemed to be in a VERY unpleasant
executed for having missed their turns, and she did not like the look
help me out of THIS!’ (Sounds of more broken glass.)
ladder?--Why, I hadn’t to bring but one; Bill’s got the other--Bill!
have got altered.’
Alice was beginning to get very tired of sitting by her sister on the
Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by
‘I couldn’t help it,’ said Five, in a sulky tone; ‘Seven jogged my
‘Don’t talk nonsense,’ said Alice more boldly: ‘you know you’re growing
‘That PROVES his guilt,’ said the Queen.
Alice could see, as well as if she were looking over their shoulders,
with hearts. Next came the guests, mostly Kings and Queens, and among
for apples, yer honour!’
knocking, and hurried upstairs, in great fear lest she should meet the
consultation about this, and after a few minutes it seemed quite natural
the hint; but the cook was busily stirring the soup, and seemed not to
trembling voice, ‘Let us get to the shore, and then I’ll tell you my
glass table. ‘Now, I’ll manage better this time,’ she said to herself,
As they walked off together, Alice heard the King say in a low voice,
The King and Queen of Hearts were seated on their throne when they
nobody in particular. ‘She’d soon fetch it back!’
speaking to it,’ she thought, ‘till its ears have come, or at least one
After a time she heard a little pattering of feet in the distance, and
‘but it doesn’t matter a bit,’ she thought to herself.
nobody, which isn’t usual, you know.’
    What made you so awfully clever?’
‘Of course twinkling begins with a T!’ said the King sharply. ‘Do you
     And welcome little fishes in
‘If that’s all you know about it, you may stand down,’ continued the
same when I got up this morning? I almost think I can remember feeling a
in the world she was to get out again.
  While the Panther received knife and fork with a growl,
get” is the same thing as “I get what I like”!’
out ‘The Queen! The Queen!’ and the three gardeners instantly threw
The Hatter was the first to break the silence. ‘What day of the month
‘I DON’T know,’ said the Caterpillar.
to say!’
that the meeting adjourn, for the immediate adoption of more energetic
clever thing the King had said that day.
to find her way out. ‘I shall be punished for it now, I suppose, by
‘Of course not,’ Alice replied very readily: ‘but that’s because it
had got so much into the way of expecting nothing but out-of-the-way
‘Don’t grunt,’ said Alice; ‘that’s not at all a proper way of expressing
about the whiting!’
The King turned pale, and shut his note-book hastily. ‘Consider your
changed into alarm in another moment, when she found that her shoulders
    [later editions continued as follows
till the puppy’s bark sounded quite faint in the distance.
‘I had NOT!’ cried the Mouse, sharply and very angrily.
permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.  There are a few
practically ANYTHING with public domain eBooks.  Redistribution is
Alice could think of nothing else to say but ‘It belongs to the Duchess:
only too glad to do so.
tell you just now what the moral of that is, but I shall remember it in
shoulders got to? And oh, my poor hands, how is it I can’t see you?’
access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear prominently
‘By-the-bye, what became of the baby?’ said the Cat. ‘I’d nearly
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
Alice did not much like keeping so close to her: first, because the
written explanation to the person you received the work from.  If you
Alice got up and ran off, thinking while she ran, as well she might,
you, and must know better’; and this Alice would not allow without
‘A likely story indeed!’ said the Pigeon in a tone of the deepest
     Project Gutenberg-tm works.
Alice thought she might as well wait, as she had nothing else to do, and
herself by it, and found that, as nearly as she could guess, she was now
(she was obliged to say ‘creatures,’ you see, because some of them were
got much evidence YET,’ she said to herself. Imagine her surprise, when
Alice heard the Rabbit say, ‘A barrowful will do, to begin with.’
‘I suppose so,’ said Alice.
The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
came, carried on the breeze that followed them, the melancholy words:--
The King’s argument was, that anything that had a head could be
     “Twinkle, twinkle, little bat!
she opened it, and found in it a very small cake, on which the words
bore it as well as she could.
remain freely available for generations to come.  In 2001, the Project
through 1.E.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the
‘That’s none of YOUR business, Two!’ said Seven.
Alice tried to fancy to herself what such an extraordinary ways of
‘But it’s no use now,’ thought poor Alice, ‘to pretend to be two people!
Gutenberg-tm electronic works.  Nearly all the individual works in the
1.F.6.  INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
before she made her next remark. ‘Then the eleventh day must have been a
bottle that stood near the looking-glass. There was no label this time
‘Then it ought to be Number One,’ said Alice.
Alice glanced rather anxiously at the cook, to see if she meant to take
‘That’s enough about lessons,’ the Gryphon interrupted in a very decided
   ‘They told me you had been to her,
‘Who ARE you talking to?’ said the King, going up to Alice, and looking
  But, when the tide rises and sharks are around,
executed, whether you’re nervous or not.’
‘I’d rather finish my tea,’ said the Hatter, with an anxious look at the
herself in a long, low hall, which was lit up by a row of lamps hanging
“it” means.’
There was a table set out under a tree in front of the house, and the
‘One side will make you grow taller, and the other side will make you
‘I don’t much care where--’ said Alice.
sea. The master was an old Turtle--we used to call him Tortoise--’
works.  See paragraph 1.E below.
‘Collar that Dormouse,’ the Queen shrieked out. ‘Behead that Dormouse!
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any additional
whiskers!’
The Queen turned crimson with fury, and, after glaring at her for a
and added with a kind of sob, ‘I’ve tried every way, and nothing seems
‘I can’t help it,’ said Alice very meekly: ‘I’m growing.’
sighing.
now and then; such as, ‘Sure, I don’t like it, yer honour, at all, at
and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
              and
‘Very true,’ said the Duchess: ‘flamingoes and mustard both bite. And
Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.
accident, all except the Lizard, who seemed too much overcome to do
grow up, I’ll write one--but I’m grown up now,’ she added in a sorrowful
and very soon had to kneel down on the floor: in another minute there
‘That is not said right,’ said the Caterpillar.
things are “much of a muchness”--did you ever see such a thing as a
‘THAT generally takes some time,’ interrupted the Gryphon.
way through the wood. ‘It’s the stupidest tea-party I ever was at in all
‘And what are they made of?’ Alice asked in a tone of great curiosity.
the pool, and the great hall, with the glass table and the little door,
Still she went on growing, and, as a last resource, she put one arm out
ordering off her unfortunate guests to execution--once more the pig-baby
‘We can do without lobsters, you know. Which shall sing?’
   ‘You are old, Father William,’ the young man said,
‘What IS the use of repeating all that stuff,’ the Mock Turtle
‘You couldn’t have wanted it much,’ said Alice; ‘living at the bottom of
began ordering people about like that!’
‘I never said I didn’t!’ interrupted Alice.
CAN have happened to me! When I used to read fairy-tales, I fancied that
on. ‘Or would you like the Mock Turtle to sing you a song?’
‘Would you like to see a little of it?’ said the Mock Turtle.
  His voice has a timid and tremulous sound.]
‘Why, what are YOUR shoes done with?’ said the Gryphon. ‘I mean, what
conclusion that it was a very difficult game indeed.
many more than three.’
not help thinking there MUST be more to come, so she sat still and said
nearer, Alice could hear him sighing as if his heart would break. She
‘There isn’t any,’ said the March Hare.
 “There is another shore, you know, upon the other side.
you liked with the clock. For instance, suppose it were nine o’clock in
get out again.
The soldiers were silent, and looked at Alice, as the question was
blow with its head, it WOULD twist itself round and look up in her face,
plenty of time as she went down to look about her and to wonder what was
about stopping herself before she found herself falling down a very deep
well.
would be of very little use without my shoulders. Oh, how I wish I could
‘Stand up and repeat “‘TIS THE VOICE OF THE SLUGGARD,”’ said the
The Queen had only one way of settling all difficulties, great or small.
very little! Besides, SHE’S she, and I’m I, and--oh dear, how puzzling
to her lips. ‘I know SOMETHING interesting is sure to happen,’ she said
plate with the name ‘W. RABBIT’ engraved upon it. She went in without
‘Then the Dormouse shall!’ they both cried. ‘Wake up, Dormouse!’ And
‘Yes, we went to school in the sea, though you mayn’t believe it--’
‘HE might bite,’ Alice cautiously replied, not feeling at all anxious to
‘I’m afraid I can’t put it more clearly,’ Alice replied very politely,
away. ‘You insult me by talking such nonsense!’
Duck: ‘it’s generally a frog or a worm. The question is, what did the
was not even room for this, and she tried the effect of lying down with
one elbow against the door, and the other arm curled round her head.
behind it was a little door about fifteen inches high: she tried the
again.
Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the
come to the end: then stop.’
       [later editions continued as follows
over heels in its hurry to get hold of it; then Alice, thinking it was
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you ‘AS-IS’ WITH NO OTHER
The Hatter looked at the March Hare, who had followed him into the
thought Alice; ‘I might as well be at school at once.’ However, she
thinking of?’
     destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium
information can be found at the Foundation’s web site and official
     http://www.gutenberg.org
The King laid his hand upon her arm, and timidly said ‘Consider, my
the patriotic archbishop of Canterbury, found it advisable--“’
it must be a walrus or hippopotamus, but then she remembered how small
herself; and when she had looked under it, and on both sides of it, and
   He trusts to you to set them free,
‘Hush! Hush!’ said the Rabbit in a low, hurried tone. He looked
went back to the table for it, she found she could not possibly reach
hopeless than ever: she sat down and began to cry again.
this was her dream:--
sea, some children digging in the sand with wooden spades, then a row
phrase “Project Gutenberg” appears, or with which the phrase “Project
queer little toss of her head to keep back the wandering hair that
‘What did they live on?’ said Alice, who always took a great interest in
If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a Project
than what you had been would have appeared to them to be otherwise.”’
Seven flung down his brush, and had just begun ‘Well, of all the unjust
Turtle.’
appeared; but she ran off as hard as she could, and soon found herself
         cunning
‘Yes,’ said Alice, ‘we learned French and music.’
year it is?’
question, you know.’
‘Nonsense!’ said Alice, very loudly and decidedly, and the Queen was
time.) ‘You’re nothing but a pack of cards!’
key and hurried off to the garden door.
electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set
The first witness was the Hatter. He came in with a teacup in one
with the dream of Wonderland of long ago: and how she would feel with
very respectful tone, but frowning and making faces at him as he spoke.
Queen.
remark that had made the whole party look so grave and anxious.)
like a steam-engine when she caught it, and kept doubling itself up and
promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works,
soldiers remaining behind to execute the unfortunate gardeners, who ran
copying and distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works to
the copyright status of any work in any country outside the United
‘To begin with,’ said the Cat, ‘a dog’s not mad. You grant that?’
door, she found she had forgotten the little golden key, and when she
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future generations.
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement
eyes, ‘Of course, of course; just what I was going to remark myself.’
dry me at all.’
from one foot to the other, looking uneasily at the Queen, and in
‘But then,’ thought Alice, ‘shall I NEVER get any older than I am
‘That’s nothing to what I could say if I chose,’ the Duchess replied, in
I COULD NOT SWIM--” you can’t swim, can you?’ he added, turning to the
added the Gryphon; and then they both sat silent and looked at poor
through the air! Do you think you could manage it?) ‘And what an
walking by the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face.
After a while, finding that nothing more happened, she decided on going
Queen, who was reading the list of singers.
‘No, I didn’t,’ said Alice: ‘I don’t think it’s at all a pity. I said
down on one knee as he spoke, ‘we were trying--’
this agreement for keeping the Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with
the best thing to get us dry would be a Caucus-race.’
      mouse to the
uncomfortable for the Dormouse,’ thought Alice; ‘only, as it’s asleep, I
‘Then the words don’t FIT you,’ said the King, looking round the court
business@pglaf.org.  Email contact links and up to date contact
She was looking about for some way of escape, and wondering whether she
shower of saucepans, plates, and dishes. The Duchess took no notice of
was to find it out, we should all have our heads cut off, you know.
He was looking up into the sky all the time he was speaking, and this
take more.’
‘What a curious plan!’ exclaimed Alice.
had brought herself down to nine inches high.
house, quite forgetting that she was now about a thousand times as large
And so she went on, taking first one side and then the other, and making
one corner of it: ‘No room! No room!’ they cried out when they saw Alice
it out again, and put it right; ‘not that it signifies much,’ she said
it, and finding it very nice, (it had, in fact, a sort of mixed flavour
thing before, and he wasn’t going to begin at HIS time of life.
‘Oh, I beg your pardon!’ cried Alice hastily, afraid that she had hurt
individual work is in the public domain in the United States and you are
the royal children, and everybody else.
Normans--” How are you getting on now, my dear?’ it continued, turning
began again, using the ink, that was trickling down his face, as long as
whether it was her turn or not. So she went in search of her hedgehog.
queer everything is to-day! And yesterday things went on just as usual.
the goldfish kept running in her head, and she had a vague sort of idea
history, and you’ll understand why it is I hate cats and dogs.’
copied or distributed:
page at http://pglaf.org
‘Well, be off, then!’ said the Pigeon in a sulky tone, as it settled
works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may contain
seen them so often, of course you know what they’re like.’
things to happen, that it seemed quite dull and stupid for life to go on
      Improve his shining tail,
great hurry.
standing before them, in chains, with a soldier on each side to guard
have this cat removed!’
harmless from all liability, costs and expenses, including legal fees,
see whether it’s marked “poison” or not’; for she had read several nice
remarked, ‘If you can’t be civil, you’d better finish the story for
my life!’
advantage from the change: and Alice was a good deal worse off than
uncomfortably sharp chin. However, she did not like to be rude, so she
Luckily for Alice, the little magic bottle had now had its full effect,
Rabbit returning, splendidly dressed, with a pair of white kid gloves in
‘Boots and shoes under the sea,’ the Gryphon went on in a deep voice,
This seemed to Alice a good opportunity for making her escape; so she
twinkle, twinkle, twinkle--’ and went on so long that they had to pinch
1.E.9.  If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project Gutenberg-tm
‘What for?’ said the one who had spoken first.
began to get rather sleepy, and went on saying to herself, in a dreamy
‘Never mind!’ said the King, with an air of great relief. ‘Call the next
‘Did you say “What a pity!”?’ the Rabbit asked.
‘Well, it must be removed,’ said the King very decidedly, and he called
‘Don’t be impertinent,’ said the King, ‘and don’t look at me like that!’
one owns a United States copyright in these works, so the Foundation
growing on it were white, but there were three gardeners at it, busily
She drew her foot as far down the chimney as she could, and waited
size: the next thing is, to get into that beautiful garden--how IS that
passion. She had already heard her sentence three of the players to be
an opportunity of showing off a little of her knowledge. ‘Just think of
as she spoke. (The unfortunate little Bill had left off writing on his
     and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of
Wonderland, though she knew she had but to open them again, and all
then--always to have lessons to learn! Oh, I shouldn’t like THAT!’
looked at the sides of the well, and noticed that they were filled with
  When the sands are all dry, he is gay as a lark,
Here the Queen put on her spectacles, and began staring at the Hatter,
It did so indeed, and much sooner than she had expected: before she had
hand, watching the setting sun, and thinking of little Alice and all her
Alice did not wish to offend the Dormouse again, so she began very
‘Oh, don’t talk about trouble!’ said the Duchess. ‘I make you a present
Fish-Footman was gone, and the other was sitting on the ground near the
her in a languid, sleepy voice.
‘Come on, then!’ roared the Queen, and Alice joined the procession,
in a wondering tone.
‘How should I know?’ said Alice, surprised at her own courage. ‘It’s no
The jury all wrote down on their slates, ‘SHE doesn’t believe there’s an
 When they take us up and throw us, with the lobsters, out to sea!”
think nothing of tumbling down stairs! How brave they’ll all think me at
into hers began to tremble. Alice looked up, and there stood the Queen
as if nothing had happened.
its neck nicely straightened out, and was going to give the hedgehog a
     morning I’ve
law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be
There was nothing so VERY remarkable in that; nor did Alice think it so
they lay sprawling about, reminding her very much of a globe of goldfish
research.  They may be modified and printed and given away--you may do
    nothing
‘That I can’t remember,’ said the Hatter.
‘This here young lady,’ said the Gryphon, ‘she wants for to know your
Here the other guinea-pig cheered, and was suppressed.
grow larger again, and she thought at first she would get up and leave
            whole
‘Oh, I BEG your pardon!’ she exclaimed in a tone of great dismay, and
to the company generally, ‘You are all pardoned.’ ‘Come, THAT’S a good
tears, until there was a large pool all round her, about four inches
Duchess was VERY ugly; and secondly, because she was exactly the
‘Reeling and Writhing, of course, to begin with,’ the Mock Turtle
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.  See
bank, and of having nothing to do: once or twice she had peeped into the
before, as the March Hare had just upset the milk-jug into his plate.
Oh dear, what nonsense I’m talking!’
hint to Time, and round goes the clock in a twinkling! Half-past one,
mouse-traps, and the moon, and memory, and muchness--you know you say
all. I needn’t be afraid of them!’
    For anything tougher than suet;
way of speaking to a mouse: she had never done such a thing before, but
wise fish would go anywhere without a porpoise.’
do a thing I ask! It’s always six o’clock now.’
blasts on the trumpet, and called out, ‘First witness!’
Alice waited till the eyes appeared, and then nodded. ‘It’s no use
‘But I’m NOT a serpent, I tell you!’ said Alice. ‘I’m a--I’m a--’
her, to pass away the time.
kind of thing never happened, and now here I am in the middle of one!
MORE than nothing.’
approach us with offers to donate.
crown on a crimson velvet cushion; and, last of all this grand
‘I don’t see any wine,’ she remarked.
     Chief Executive and Director
ache!’
Character set encoding: UTF-8
‘--and I hadn’t begun my tea--not above a week or so--and what with the
The Hatter shook his head mournfully. ‘Not I!’ he replied. ‘We
that dark hall, and wander about among those beds of bright flowers and
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org
with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org
large she had grown in the last few minutes, and she jumped up in such
Lory, who at last turned sulky, and would only say, ‘I am older than
‘Nothing WHATEVER?’ persisted the King.
‘Thank you, it’s a very interesting dance to watch,’ said Alice, feeling
States.
was,’ he said.
about wasting IT. It’s HIM.’
the question, and they repeated their arguments to her, though, as they
work, you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1
in the window, and on it (as she had hoped) a fan and two or three pairs
    But said I could not swim.
 (In which the cook and the baby joined):--
and no one else seemed inclined to say anything.
The Gryphon lifted up both its paws in surprise. ‘What! Never heard of
called out, ‘Sit down, all of you, and listen to me! I’LL soon make you
of tiny white kid gloves: she took up the fan and a pair of the gloves,
     you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
‘Did you say pig, or fig?’ said the Cat.
in the world am I? Ah, THAT’S the great puzzle!’ And she began thinking
suppose it doesn’t mind.’
‘Oh, I know!’ exclaimed Alice, who had not attended to this last remark,
Bill’s place for a good deal: this fireplace is narrow, to be sure; but
likely it can talk: at any rate, there’s no harm in trying.’ So she
Alice sighed wearily. ‘I think you might do something better with the
March Hare and the Hatter were having tea at it: a Dormouse was sitting
of the house!’ (Which was very likely true.)
 Will you, won’t you, will you, won’t you, won’t you join the dance?”’
TWO little shrieks, and more sounds of broken glass. ‘What a number of
     Beautiful, beauti--FUL SOUP!’
was over, and both the hedgehogs were out of sight: ‘but it doesn’t
The Footman seemed to think this a good opportunity for repeating his
they pinched it on both sides at once.
cries to the voice of the shepherd boy--and the sneeze of the baby, the
This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
state of mind, she turned away.
players, except the King, the Queen, and Alice, were in custody and
‘The lobsters!’ shouted the Gryphon, with a bound into the air.
The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
was talking.
‘We called him Tortoise because he taught us,’ said the Mock Turtle
‘I call it purring, not growling,’ said Alice.
in the middle, being held up by two guinea-pigs, who were giving it
roof off.’ After a minute or two, they began moving about again, and
fancy, that: he hasn’t got no sorrow, you know. Come on!’
‘Well, I never heard it before,’ said the Mock Turtle; ‘but it sounds
a rabbit! I suppose Dinah’ll be sending me on messages next!’ And she
rabbit-hole under the hedge.
     has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the
‘Of course you don’t!’ the Hatter said, tossing his head contemptuously.
age knew the meaning of it at all. However, ‘jury-men’ would have done
‘I deny it!’ said the March Hare.
I’ve got to grow up again! Let me see--how IS it to be managed? I
way. So they got their tails fast in their mouths. So they couldn’t get
a kind of serpent, that’s all I can say.’
a hurry that she tipped over the jury-box with the edge of her skirt,
She had quite forgotten the Duchess by this time, and was a little
‘But what did the Dormouse say?’ one of the jury asked.
who I WAS when I got up this morning, but I think I must have been
When the procession came opposite to Alice, they all stopped and looked
fire, and at once set to work throwing everything within her reach at
‘Very,’ said Alice: ‘--where’s the Duchess?’
copying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative
back to the table, half hoping she might find another key on it, or at
said Alice, seriously, ‘I’ll have nothing more to do with you. Mind
‘What a pity it wouldn’t stay!’ sighed the Lory, as soon as it was quite
‘Exactly so,’ said Alice.
your cat grins like that?’
‘Only mustard isn’t a bird,’ Alice remarked.
their mouths--and they’re all over crumbs.’
Alice began to feel very uneasy: to be sure, she had not as yet had any
‘Your Majesty must cross-examine THIS witness.’
refund.  If you received the work electronically, the person or entity
ridiculous fashion.’ And he got up very sulkily and crossed over to the
whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work on which the
‘I beg your pardon!’ said the Mouse, frowning, but very politely: ‘Did
Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
she looked up, but it was all dark overhead; before her was another
to the Mock Turtle, ‘Drive on, old fellow! Don’t be all day about it!’
your equipment.
   Yet you balanced an eel on the end of your nose--
﻿Project Gutenberg’s Alice’s Adventures in Wonderland, by Lewis Carroll
‘Give your evidence,’ said the King.
‘Well, then,’ the Cat went on, ‘you see, a dog growls when it’s angry,
poker will burn you if you hold it too long; and that if you cut your
to take out of it, and burning with curiosity, she ran across the field
to by the English, who wanted leaders, and had been of late much
time she found a little bottle on it, [‘which certainly was not here
blow underneath her chin: it had struck her foot!
chimneys were shaped like ears and the roof was thatched with fur. It
shouldn’t be hungry for it, you know.’
‘Hold your tongue!’ said the Queen, turning purple.
‘Then it doesn’t matter which way you go,’ said the Cat.
understand you,’ she said, as politely as she could.
CHAPTER X. The Lobster Quadrille
         Twinkle, twinkle--“’
‘Well! I’ve often seen a cat without a grin,’ thought Alice; ‘but a grin
off, and she swam nearer to make out what it was: at first she thought
‘You’ve no right to grow here,’ said the Dormouse.
she was terribly frightened all the time at the thought that it might be
answer, so Alice went on eagerly: ‘There is such a nice little dog near
was beating her violently with its wings.
Literary Archive Foundation
she could, for her neck kept getting entangled among the branches, and
verdict,’ he said to the jury, in a low, trembling voice.
yesterday you deserved to be beheaded!’
and began talking to herself, as usual. ‘Come, there’s half my plan done
an immense length of neck, which seemed to rise like a stalk out of a
meaning in it.’
‘Why?’ said the Caterpillar.
without attending to her, ‘if we had the door between us. For instance,
‘I wish I hadn’t mentioned Dinah!’ she said to herself in a melancholy
forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing from
dare say there may be ONE.’
Dinah, and saying to her very earnestly, ‘Now, Dinah, tell me the truth:
bringing the cook tulip-roots instead of onions.’
          “I’ll
pleased to have got into a conversation.
business of MINE.’
head. ‘If I eat one of these cakes,’ she thought, ‘it’s sure to make
sure I don’t want to stay in here any longer!’
she set to work very carefully, nibbling first at one and then at the
blame on others!’
croquet-ground.
‘Which is just the case with MINE,’ said the Hatter.
‘What was that?’ inquired Alice.
‘She’s in prison,’ the Queen said to the executioner: ‘fetch her here.’
other, and growing sometimes taller and sometimes shorter, until she had
silence, and then another confusion of voices--‘Hold up his head--Brandy
    What would become of you?
a French mouse, come over with William the Conqueror.’ (For, with all
repeated her question. ‘Why did they live at the bottom of a well?’
work, (b) alteration, modification, or additions or deletions to any
court, by the way the people near the door began sneezing all at once.
noticing her. Then followed the Knave of Hearts, carrying the King’s
‘So they were,’ said the Dormouse; ‘VERY ill.’
   By the use of this ointment--one shilling the box--
in the middle of her favourite word ‘moral,’ and the arm that was linked
